The Israeli military says it has destroyed a tunnel dug by Hamas leading from Gaza into the Mediterranean Sea .
Military spokesman Lt. Col. Jonathan Conricus said Sunday that the tunnel would have been used to sneak divers out of Gaza and attack Israeli targets .
He says last week aircraft struck the tunnel , which stretched dozens of meters ( yards ) into the sea .
There was no immediate word from Hamas , which rarely comments on specific Israeli strikes on the Islamic militant group 's infrastructure .
Israel has placed a high priority on eliminating the tunnel threat since Hamas gunmen infiltrated Israel during the 2014 war .
Although they did not manage to reach civilian areas , the infiltrations caught Israel off guard , with one attack killing five soldiers and terrifying the local population .
Growing up on Mount Boutmezguida in southwest Morocco on the edge of the Sahara desert , Khadija Ghouate never imagined that the fog enveloping the nearby peaks would change her life .
For hours every day and often before sunrise , Ghouate and other women from nearby villages would walk 5 km ( 3 miles ) to fetch water from open wells , with girls pulled out of school to help and at risk of violence on the lonely treks .
But with groundwater levels dropping due to overuse , drought and climate change , the challenge to get enough water daily was becoming harder , and almost half of people in the local area sold up and quit rural life after generations for the city .
As the future of the traditional Berber region by Mount Boutmezguida floundered , a mathematician whose family came from the area had a eureka moment gleaned from living overseas - using fog to make water .
Now Ghouate 's village is connected to the world 's largest functioning fog collection project , alleviating the need to collect water that fell mainly on women , and with state-of-the-art equipment setting an example for other projects globally .
" You always had to go to the wells , always be there , mornings , evenings , " said Ghouate , a mother-of-three , as she prepared lunch for her family , showing off the tap in her home .
" But now water has arrived in our house .
I like fog a lot .
The project , running since 2015 after nine years of surveys and tests , was founded by the Moroccan non-government organization Dar Si Hmad , which works to promote and preserve local culture , history , and heritage .
It was the brainchild of mathematician and businessman Aissa Derhem whose parents were originally from Mount Boutmezguida where the slopes are covered in mist on average 130 days a year .
